README.md, before:

//** Please note this is a draft and this code is under heavy development. Not to be used in production **

# How to deploy Uniswap

## Housekeeping

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get -y upgrade
sudo apt-get install npm
npm install fs
npm install web3
npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider
sudo apt-get install apache2
# install Yarn
curl -sS https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt update && sudo apt install yarn
```

Update version of node
```
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
```

Clone the Uniswap Interface code using Git.
```
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface.git
```
Change into the Uniswap Interface directory.
```
cd ~
cd uniswap-interface
```
Now, whilst in the `~/uniswap-interface directory`, clone the "How To Install Uniswap" code using Git.
```
git clone https://github.com/second-state/how_to_deploy_uniswap.git
```
Change into the `how_to_deploy_uniswap/` directory.
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/
```
Create 3 Ethereum compatible addresses using any method that you are comfortable with i.e. [web3js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.11/web3-eth-accounts.html) etc.
Now paste the **private** and **public** keys of those addresses into the installation_data.json file as shown below.
```
vi installation_data.json
```
Here is an example of the `private_key` and `public_key` sections of that file.
```
  "private_key": {
    "alice": "your_new_key_here",
    "bob": "your_new_key_here",
    "charlie": "your_new_key_here"
  },
  "public_key": {
    "alice": "your_new_key_here",
    "bob": "your_new_key_here",
    "charlie": "your_new_key_here"
  }
```
You will need to fund these accounts with network tokens. So depending on your network, please go ahead and send at least 20 network tokens (from a Faucet etc.) to all three of these accounts.

Now place the RPC URL to your Ethereum compatible network in that same `installation_data.json` file.
```
vi installation_data.json
```
Here is an example of the `rpc_endpoint` section of that file.
```
"provider": {
	"rpc_endpoint": "http://rpc_url:port"
}
```
Now run the Uniswap V1 smart contract installer.
```
cd uniswap_v1
```
```
node deploy_uniswap_v1.js
```
If you open the `../installation_data.json` file, you will see that the Uniswap V1 contract addresses and the Alice and Bob (ERC20 and ERC20 Exchange) addresses have been automatically filled in.
```
"contract_address": {
    "uniswap_factory": "0x2DF5e651be537bB564005340EA5D8f6fA763b530",
    "weth": "",
    "uniswap_exchange_template": "0x68Fc886B0ca3D65AE8Ad21Fde01d8C4E2AD9d86c",
    "alice_exchange": "0x4A8f21726434951f5C1baA0F067d50fdA2a297e2",
    "bob_exchange": "0x61d82A90455EC7cDEdF7cF7F5267c0aF6657c626",
    "alice_erc20_token": "0x240Fc9370709bad1F4402186701C76e36a20848b",
    "bob_erc20_token": "0x09cB0AE6dddF68Aaad81b8f6B83c30dfdaA65b48",
    "uniswap_v2": "",
    "multicall": "",
    "migrator": "",
    "router": "",
    "ens_registry": "",
    "unisocks": ""
}
```
Now run the Uniswap V2 smart contract installation script.
```
cd ../uniswap_v2
```

**Important Warning**
The `feeToSetter` has been hard-coded to the `Charlie` account inside the `deploy_uniswap_v2.js` script (that you are about to run). The `feeToSetter` is the account that is responsible for future profit that result from trades. This account is set to `Charlie` for demonstration purposes only. **If you are running this script, you are responsible for correctly setting the `feeToSetter` account up and managing its private keys.**

```
node deploy_uniswap_v2.js
```
Congratulations, the smart contracts are all deployed. You will see that all of the contract addresses in the `installation_data.json` file have been filled out.
```
"contract_address": {
	"uniswap_factory": "0x2DF5e651be537bB564005340EA5D8f6fA763b530",
	"weth": "0x043c7D26e381CB1bb025b4CE0A6E0C63D7767866",
	"uniswap_exchange_template": "0x68Fc886B0ca3D65AE8Ad21Fde01d8C4E2AD9d86c",
	"alice_exchange": "0x4A8f21726434951f5C1baA0F067d50fdA2a297e2",
	"bob_exchange": "0x61d82A90455EC7cDEdF7cF7F5267c0aF6657c626",
	"alice_erc20_token": "0x240Fc9370709bad1F4402186701C76e36a20848b",
	"bob_erc20_token": "0x09cB0AE6dddF68Aaad81b8f6B83c30dfdaA65b48",
	"uniswap_v2": "0x0fA47ae2b7Dee29571678580BBe9A8A88436E393",
	"multicall": "0x50F0463B01119Aa954ce40a7f21ecf4573E7605a",
	"migrator": "0x3cBe562Fd434aF61601937895000A91D014a49e7",
	"router": "0x5c192a0155D504772F3bc2689aF69116E098ECAa",
	"ens_registry": "0xA07e2676495eEDEdb5A50b9ba020Ba3A98f87D4E"
}
```

Now change into the `uniswap_interface` directory.
```
cd ../uniswap_interface
```
Now run the `modify_addresses.py` script 
```
python3 modify_addresses.py '../../src/'
```
Change back to the Uniswap directory so we can build the application.
```
cd ../../
```
An `ls` should look like this (no build folder yet)
```
LICENSE  README.md  cypress  cypress.json  how_to_deploy_uniswap  node_modules  package.json  public  src  tsconfig.json  yarn.lock
```
Build the application's dependencies using the following command.
```
yarn
```

---

### Chain id changes (optional)

**ChainID**
Please note: the chainId for each network is actuall set [inside the Uniswap SDK's code](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-sdk/blob/v2/src/constants.ts#L7)
You may not need/want to change this enum. But if you do, let's take a look at how to update the MAINNET's chainId in the Uniswap Interface.
The following grep command will find where this ChainId enum is set.
```
grep -Rle "export enum ChainId" .
```
For example, the following is returned.
```
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.cjs.development.js.map
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.esm.js.map
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.cjs.production.min.js.map
```
You can go ahead and update these files i.e. change `MAINNET = 1` to `MAINNET = 2` if/as required.

Please also go ahead and update the chainId in the following file `vi ./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/constants.d.ts`. Specifically, set the `MAINNET` part of this enum to whatever you need to (in our case changing `MAINNET = 1` to `MAINNET = 2`)
```
export enum ChainId {
  MAINNET = 1,
  ROPSTEN = 3,
  RINKEBY = 4,
  GÖRLI = 5,
  KOVAN = 42
}
```

In addition to the above change, if your chainId is not standard i.e. your mainnet is not `1`, then you must also modify the `export declare const WETH` section of the `node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/entities/token.d.ts` file. The first position in this enum `1: Token;` represents the MAINNET so go ahead and change it to suit your needs. In our case `1: Token;`

```
export declare const WETH: {
    1: Token;
    3: Token;
    4: Token;
    5: Token;
    42: Token;
};

```
In addition to the above change, again if your chainId is not standard then go ahead and also update the `src/utils/index.ts` file in the following two places i.e. `1: '',` and `ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[1]`

```
const ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES: { [chainId in ChainId]: string } = {
  1: '',
  3: 'ropsten.',
  4: 'rinkeby.',
  5: 'goerli.',
  42: 'kovan.'
}
```

```
const prefix = `https://${ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[chainId] || ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[1]}etherscan.io`
```

In addition to the above change, another file in the Uniswap Interface source code specifies `supportedChainIds`. If your chainId is not in the list then add it like this `vi src/connectors/index.ts`

```
export const injected = new InjectedConnector({
  supportedChainIds: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 42]
})
```
In that same file, also change the `1` to your chainId in line 14 i.e.
```
export const NETWORK_CHAIN_ID: number = parseInt(process.env.REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID ?? '1')
```

Hopefully you did not have to change the `chainId`. If you are all set then go ahead and build the Uniswap Interface application

---

### Environment variables

Open the `.env` and `.env.production` files and update the `REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID` and the `REACT_APP_NETWORK_URL` to suite your needs.

### Build

Modify any addresses which are lurking in dependencies etc.
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py
cd ../../
```
```
yarn run build
```
This will generate a new `build` directory as well as some new files, as shown below.
```
  450.29 KB  build/static/js/4.047da443.chunk.js
  276.48 KB  build/static/js/5.5c7ecd7f.chunk.js
  155.14 KB  build/static/js/9.1f17fe1e.chunk.js
  95.38 KB   build/static/js/main.38d70569.chunk.js
  67.14 KB   build/static/js/0.1e3e94eb.chunk.js
  66.33 KB   build/static/js/6.e890ef53.chunk.js
  6.56 KB    build/static/js/1.5f3a35e8.chunk.js
  1.24 KB    build/static/js/runtime-main.c8bb7174.js
  907 B      build/static/css/4.996ad921.chunk.css
  165 B      build/static/js/8.81f9e545.chunk.js
  164 B      build/static/js/7.494e051e.chunk.js
```
You will remember that we just ran the `modify_addresses.py` script. We are now going to run that **again** (but this time, over the build folder, which the above build command just created). This is just to make sure that there are no addresses which relate to the original Uniswap source code (but rather our newly created contract addresses).
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py
```
Now, we return to the Uniswap directory to copy the modified `build` files over to our Apache2 server, where they will be deployed for the end users.
```
cd ../../ && sudo cp -rp build/* /var/www/html/ && sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
```
![Uniswap](./images/toggle.png)


# More

If code changes are made in the source files (i.e. a console.log statement etc.), the following command is a one-stop-shop for a restart
```
npm run build && cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py && cd ../../ && sudo cp -rp build/* /var/www/html/ && sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
```

**v1**
For official information, please see the [official documentation of Uniswap V1](https://uniswap.org/docs/v1/)

**V2**
For official information, please see the [official documentation of Uniswap V2](https://uniswap.org/docs/v2/)

Commit message:

Document how to remove Unisocks from the static code

README.md, after:

//** Please note this is a draft and this code is under heavy development. Not to be used in production **

# How to deploy Uniswap

## Housekeeping

```
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get -y upgrade
sudo apt-get install npm
npm install fs
npm install web3
npm install truffle-hdwallet-provider
sudo apt-get install apache2
# install Yarn
curl -sS https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/pubkey.gpg | sudo apt-key add -
echo "deb https://dl.yarnpkg.com/debian/ stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/yarn.list
sudo apt update && sudo apt install yarn
```

Update version of node
```
curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_12.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
```

Clone the Uniswap Interface code using Git.
```
cd ~
git clone https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-interface.git
```
Change into the Uniswap Interface directory.
```
cd ~
cd uniswap-interface
```
Now, whilst in the `~/uniswap-interface directory`, clone the "How To Install Uniswap" code using Git.
```
git clone https://github.com/second-state/how_to_deploy_uniswap.git
```
Change into the `how_to_deploy_uniswap/` directory.
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/
```
Create 3 Ethereum compatible addresses using any method that you are comfortable with i.e. [web3js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.11/web3-eth-accounts.html) etc.
Now paste the **private** and **public** keys of those addresses into the installation_data.json file as shown below.
```
vi installation_data.json
```
Here is an example of the `private_key` and `public_key` sections of that file.
```
  "private_key": {
    "alice": "your_new_key_here",
    "bob": "your_new_key_here",
    "charlie": "your_new_key_here"
  },
  "public_key": {
    "alice": "your_new_key_here",
    "bob": "your_new_key_here",
    "charlie": "your_new_key_here"
  }
```
You will need to fund these accounts with network tokens. So depending on your network, please go ahead and send at least 20 network tokens (from a Faucet etc.) to all three of these accounts.

Now place the RPC URL to your Ethereum compatible network in that same `installation_data.json` file.
```
vi installation_data.json
```
Here is an example of the `rpc_endpoint` section of that file.
```
"provider": {
	"rpc_endpoint": "http://rpc_url:port"
}
```
Now run the Uniswap V1 smart contract installer.
```
cd uniswap_v1
```
```
node deploy_uniswap_v1.js
```
If you open the `../installation_data.json` file, you will see that the Uniswap V1 contract addresses and the Alice and Bob (ERC20 and ERC20 Exchange) addresses have been automatically filled in.
```
"contract_address": {
    "uniswap_factory": "0x2DF5e651be537bB564005340EA5D8f6fA763b530",
    "weth": "",
    "uniswap_exchange_template": "0x68Fc886B0ca3D65AE8Ad21Fde01d8C4E2AD9d86c",
    "alice_exchange": "0x4A8f21726434951f5C1baA0F067d50fdA2a297e2",
    "bob_exchange": "0x61d82A90455EC7cDEdF7cF7F5267c0aF6657c626",
    "alice_erc20_token": "0x240Fc9370709bad1F4402186701C76e36a20848b",
    "bob_erc20_token": "0x09cB0AE6dddF68Aaad81b8f6B83c30dfdaA65b48",
    "uniswap_v2": "",
    "multicall": "",
    "migrator": "",
    "router": "",
    "ens_registry": "",
    "unisocks": ""
}
```
Now run the Uniswap V2 smart contract installation script.
```
cd ../uniswap_v2
```

**Important Warning**
The `feeToSetter` has been hard-coded to the `Charlie` account inside the `deploy_uniswap_v2.js` script (that you are about to run). The `feeToSetter` is the account that is responsible for future profit that result from trades. This account is set to `Charlie` for demonstration purposes only. **If you are running this script, you are responsible for correctly setting the `feeToSetter` account up and managing its private keys.**

```
node deploy_uniswap_v2.js
```
Congratulations, the smart contracts are all deployed. You will see that all of the contract addresses in the `installation_data.json` file have been filled out.
```
"contract_address": {
	"uniswap_factory": "0x2DF5e651be537bB564005340EA5D8f6fA763b530",
	"weth": "0x043c7D26e381CB1bb025b4CE0A6E0C63D7767866",
	"uniswap_exchange_template": "0x68Fc886B0ca3D65AE8Ad21Fde01d8C4E2AD9d86c",
	"alice_exchange": "0x4A8f21726434951f5C1baA0F067d50fdA2a297e2",
	"bob_exchange": "0x61d82A90455EC7cDEdF7cF7F5267c0aF6657c626",
	"alice_erc20_token": "0x240Fc9370709bad1F4402186701C76e36a20848b",
	"bob_erc20_token": "0x09cB0AE6dddF68Aaad81b8f6B83c30dfdaA65b48",
	"uniswap_v2": "0x0fA47ae2b7Dee29571678580BBe9A8A88436E393",
	"multicall": "0x50F0463B01119Aa954ce40a7f21ecf4573E7605a",
	"migrator": "0x3cBe562Fd434aF61601937895000A91D014a49e7",
	"router": "0x5c192a0155D504772F3bc2689aF69116E098ECAa",
	"ens_registry": "0xA07e2676495eEDEdb5A50b9ba020Ba3A98f87D4E"
}
```

Now change into the `uniswap_interface` directory.
```
cd ../uniswap_interface
```
Now run the `modify_addresses.py` script 
```
python3 modify_addresses.py '../../src/'
```
Change back to the Uniswap directory so we can build the application.
```
cd ../../
```
An `ls` should look like this (no build folder yet)
```
LICENSE  README.md  cypress  cypress.json  how_to_deploy_uniswap  node_modules  package.json  public  src  tsconfig.json  yarn.lock
```
Build the application's dependencies using the following command.
```
yarn
```

---

### Chain id changes (optional)

**ChainID**
Please note: the chainId for each network is actuall set [inside the Uniswap SDK's code](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-sdk/blob/v2/src/constants.ts#L7)
You may not need/want to change this enum. But if you do, let's take a look at how to update the MAINNET's chainId in the Uniswap Interface.
The following grep command will find where this ChainId enum is set.
```
grep -Rle "export enum ChainId" .
```
For example, the following is returned.
```
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.cjs.development.js.map
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.esm.js.map
./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/sdk.cjs.production.min.js.map
```
You can go ahead and update these files i.e. change `MAINNET = 1` to `MAINNET = 2` if/as required.

Please also go ahead and update the chainId in the following file `vi ./node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/constants.d.ts`. Specifically, set the `MAINNET` part of this enum to whatever you need to (in our case changing `MAINNET = 1` to `MAINNET = 2`)
```
export enum ChainId {
  MAINNET = 1,
  ROPSTEN = 3,
  RINKEBY = 4,
  GÖRLI = 5,
  KOVAN = 42
}
```

In addition to the above change, if your chainId is not standard i.e. your mainnet is not `1`, then you must also modify the `export declare const WETH` section of the `node_modules/@uniswap/sdk/dist/entities/token.d.ts` file. The first position in this enum `1: Token;` represents the MAINNET so go ahead and change it to suit your needs. In our case `1: Token;`

```
export declare const WETH: {
    1: Token;
    3: Token;
    4: Token;
    5: Token;
    42: Token;
};

```
In addition to the above change, again if your chainId is not standard then go ahead and also update the `src/utils/index.ts` file in the following two places i.e. `1: '',` and `ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[1]`

```
const ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES: { [chainId in ChainId]: string } = {
  1: '',
  3: 'ropsten.',
  4: 'rinkeby.',
  5: 'goerli.',
  42: 'kovan.'
}
```

```
const prefix = `https://${ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[chainId] || ETHERSCAN_PREFIXES[1]}etherscan.io`
```

In addition to the above change, another file in the Uniswap Interface source code specifies `supportedChainIds`. If your chainId is not in the list then add it like this `vi src/connectors/index.ts`

```
export const injected = new InjectedConnector({
  supportedChainIds: [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 42]
})
```
In that same file, also change the `1` to your chainId in line 14 i.e.
```
export const NETWORK_CHAIN_ID: number = parseInt(process.env.REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID ?? '1')
```

Hopefully you did not have to change the `chainId`. If you are all set then go ahead and build the Uniswap Interface application

---

### Disable Unisocks (Optional)
This [Unisocks contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x65770b5283117639760beA3F867b69b3697a91dd#code), this [other Uniswap contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0x23B608675a2B2fB1890d3ABBd85c5775c51691d5) and the [hard-coded Unisocks metadata](https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipfs/QmNZEeAN1zk6hLoHHREVkZ7PoPYaoH7n6LR6w9QAcEc29h) are deployed against real-world assets (socks) and therefore it makes no sense to include this in the build.
In order to disable the Unisocks component of this build we need to do the following updates to the code.

* Comment out the `useSocksController` section of the `./src/hooks/useContract.ts` file

### Environment variables

Open the `.env` and `.env.production` files and update the `REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID` and the `REACT_APP_NETWORK_URL` to suite your needs.

### Build

Modify any addresses which are lurking in dependencies etc.
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py
cd ../../
```
```
yarn run build
```
This will generate a new `build` directory as well as some new files, as shown below.
```
  450.29 KB  build/static/js/4.047da443.chunk.js
  276.48 KB  build/static/js/5.5c7ecd7f.chunk.js
  155.14 KB  build/static/js/9.1f17fe1e.chunk.js
  95.38 KB   build/static/js/main.38d70569.chunk.js
  67.14 KB   build/static/js/0.1e3e94eb.chunk.js
  66.33 KB   build/static/js/6.e890ef53.chunk.js
  6.56 KB    build/static/js/1.5f3a35e8.chunk.js
  1.24 KB    build/static/js/runtime-main.c8bb7174.js
  907 B      build/static/css/4.996ad921.chunk.css
  165 B      build/static/js/8.81f9e545.chunk.js
  164 B      build/static/js/7.494e051e.chunk.js
```
You will remember that we just ran the `modify_addresses.py` script. We are now going to run that **again** (but this time, over the build folder, which the above build command just created). This is just to make sure that there are no addresses which relate to the original Uniswap source code (but rather our newly created contract addresses).
```
cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py
```
Now, we return to the Uniswap directory to copy the modified `build` files over to our Apache2 server, where they will be deployed for the end users.
```
cd ../../ && sudo cp -rp build/* /var/www/html/ && sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
```
![Uniswap](./images/toggle.png)


# More

If code changes are made in the source files (i.e. a console.log statement etc.), the following command is a one-stop-shop for a restart
```
yarn run build && cd how_to_deploy_uniswap/uniswap_interface/ && python3 modify_addresses.py && cd ../../ && sudo cp -rp build/* /var/www/html/ && sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
```

**v1**
For official information, please see the [official documentation of Uniswap V1](https://uniswap.org/docs/v1/)

**V2**
For official information, please see the [official documentation of Uniswap V2](https://uniswap.org/docs/v2/)
